Pages x Node.js => OpenNext (#17123)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/get-started.mdx

Learn how to deploy full-stack (SSR) Next.js apps to Cloudflare Pages.

:::note

> You can now also deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/frameworks/), including apps that use the Node.js "runtime" from Next.js. This allows you to use the [Node.js APIs that Cloudflare Workers provides](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#built-in-nodejs-runtime-apis), and ensures compatibility with a broader set of Next.js features and rendering modes.

Reviewer: I've just found that terms like "now" or announcement language tends to age poorly if they're not updated often and I confirmed with another TW that we steer away from that.

> Refer to the [OpenNext docs for the `@opennextjs/cloudflare` adapter](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare) to learn how to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to get started in the [OpenNext documentation for the `@opennextjs/cloudflare` adapter] (https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare)
```
